What are you afraid of? Seriously, what
are you afraid of? Most women aren't
stuck because they lack potential. They
are stuck because of fear. Fear of
judgment, fear of failing, and fear of
choosing themselves. This video is about
what fear actually does to your life. Hi
guys, and welcome back to my channel. My
name is Michaela and everything on my
channel is about upgrading, becoming the
most successful, beautiful, and
confident woman in your life. First of
all, I want you to know the pain of
staying where you are right now is
bigger than the pain of going through
your fears. Okay? I want you to write
down how much money do you want to make.
Do you want to be a business owner,
having a big family? Do you want to
travel the world? Do you want to move to
another country? Do you want to finally
start social media and show your face on
camera? Do you want to be a model?
Whatever it is, be clear of what you
want without listening to your own
judgment. Forget that voice in your head
for a moment and just be clear with what
do you truly want. Once you have a clear
picture of the life you want, of what
your desires are, then I want you to
listen to that sabotaging voice in your
head. Listen to all the excuses it is
giving to you why you are not there yet.
Not tall enough, too ugly, too big, not
sweet enough, not good at attracting
men, living in the wrong city, living in
the wrong country, not able to move out
because of my parents, because of
religion. Minimum, take note of all
these excuses and reasons why you didn't
make it yet. Now, let's say you are
working. You're having a job. It is well
paid, but it is literally draining you.
Every year you notice how your body is
actually repelling towards that job. You
get more and more sick. You get more and
more tired. You get more and more
annoyed. Your relationships failing.
Everything in life does not seem to be
aligned. Yet you cannot let go of that
job. Why? Because your mind says you
will never earn that much again. You
will not be safe without that job.
You're not able to start your own
business. You need to first meet someone
that provide for you so you can finally
stop that job. All of these excuses are
programming of your mind and they are
here to keep you in your comfort zone.
Your comfort zone is not the zone where
you grow. It's not the zone where you
should be but it's the zone your body
says here we are most comfortable
because it's known for no other reason
than that it is known. Okay, let's say
you are in an abusive relationship. You
do not want to leave because your body
feels comfortable in that abusive
relationship. If your nervous system and
your body is used to something, it will
never ever tell you to leave a specific
situation because it wants you to stay
in that comfort zone. It does not want
change. Okay? Change is dangerous.
Change is unpredictable. Nobody really
wants change. And if you keep listening
to that voice that wants you to stay
there in that comfort zone, your body
will start repelling with diseases, with
looking older, with being drained,
fatigued. Your body will always give you
signs. The thing that nobody talks about
is that you staying in that comfort zone
is actually making you sick. It is a
stress environment. My question to you
is, how long do you want to wait? How
long do you want to stay there? How many
signs do you need to finally get up and
change things to finally go through your
fears? And I want you to be very clear.
What fear do you feel? Is it a fear of
something that will actually happen? For
example, the fear of judgment. Maybe
people will judge you. Maybe people
actually will talk bad about you. Maybe
people will laugh about you. So what?
What's the consequence? It doesn't do
you any harm, right? People are anyways
going to judge you if you do A or you do
B. If you do YouTube or you do
Instagram, if you're working as a cabin
crew or you're working a corporate job,
some people are always going to judge
you. So why are you afraid of that
judgment? What will happen if you fail?
Nothing. Do you really think I do not
have fear of failure? I have it all the
time. I think I'm failing at YouTube.
I'm failing at Instagram. I'm failing
and not being able to pay my bills. I'm
failing at my course, my ebooks, and so
on. I am having these fears as well. The
only difference is that I do not let it
stop me from doing. I'm not listening to
that voice in my head that is trying to
sabotage me. Whenever I see an
opportunity, whenever I have an idea, I
simply do it. Did I prepare this video?
No, I didn't. Do I know if this video
will do well? No, I don't. Did I still
do this video? Did I still simply got
up, record this video in my kitchen just
to have it done? Yes, I did. Do I have
the fear of judgment? Do I have the fear
that I'm not going to do it correct? Do
I have the fear that I'm saying things
that don't make sense? Do I have the
fear that I'm going to fail? Absolutely
yes. Do I let it stop me? Absolutely no.
Right now, all I wanted to tell you is
get up and get doing. You deep down know
exactly what you need to do. And do not
listen to your fears because at the end
of the day, you cannot let other
people's opinions, other people's
judgments, or your fears stop you from
living your life. Okay? You can
literally level up from 1 to 100 within
a day, within a week, within a month if
you decide to. Okay, did I know I will
make a lot of money? I didn't. I did it
anyways. A few months ago, I didn't know
how to pay my bills, but did I sit there
and wait and thought about who can save
me? No. Because the only person that
could save me was myself. Only I could
save myself. And I knew that I took the
responsibility. I took it. I got up and
I got the things done. And the only
thing you need is having trust and
belief in yourself. You are so much more
capable of what you think you are. You
are capable of changing your whole life
within a week, within a month, just
because you decide you want to. Once you
decide that you're simply going for it
and doing it, nothing can stop you.
Nothing will ever get into your way
because you decided, okay? You started
to put all this intention, all the
energy you were using to worry, to be
afraid, to think about your ex. You
started putting it into creation, into
something that is changing your life,
into something that you truly want.
Let's say you want to make more money.
Do you need to know exactly how you're
going to make the money? No. All you
need to have is a clear yes and a clear
decision and then you simply go for it.
If you want to find a husband, do you
need to know where to find him? How to
find him? No. But if that's your goal,
if that's what you truly want, then you
are going to find your husband. Does it
take a year? Does it take two weeks?
Nobody knows. But once you have a clear
decision and a clear direction where you
want to go to, there is no way it's not
going to happen. You are so much more
powerful than you think. And you create
your own life every single day with the
decisions you keep choosing every single
day. And another very important thing is
that if you focus on many different
things, of course, it's going to take
longer. Let's say your energy goes into
thinking about your ex, studying, having
a job, losing weight, having healthy
hair. Your attention is divided into
five different things. Now imagine if
you would put all of these into one
direction. Guess what? You will see the
fruits. You will see the change in your
life way faster. Where you put your
energy and attention in is what you
create. If I'm now focusing 100% only on
YouTube, I would have already way more
subscribers. But I decided to put more
effort, attention, and energy into my
Instagram. Within the past few months, I
grew 500,000 followers. Why? Because I
put my energy and attention and effort
into my Instagram. Did I have sleepless
nights? Yes. Was I heartbroken about my
ex? Yes. Did I have fear of judgment?
Yes. But again, [snorts] I did not let
it divide my energy. My energy was going
100% into content creation. I kept
creating content and keep creating
content over and over again until I see
the fruits, until I reap the benefits of
my work. And you will be thinking now,
but it's so difficult to go through my
fears. I'm so scared. Stop thinking.
Sometimes all you need is to stop
thinking and start doing. And I can give
you a little trick that helps me a lot.
Every time I'm having an idea about
something and I'm feeling tired, I want
to scroll on Instagram instead or I
catch myself procrastinating. 3 seconds.
You have three seconds. You count one,
two, three, and you immediately do. Once
you catch yourself giving excuses for
not doing what you know you should do or
what you told yourself that you're going
to do. There is where the win is. That's
where you grow. Stop thinking about it
and start doing. When you think about
something, you already lose part of the
energy. You need to put it into
creation. Now the more used you get to
this, the more you start doing things
and you train yourself to do more, think
less, then not only your results will
speak quicker, but also your confidence
grows. I know you all want to know
exactly what to do, how to lose weight,
how to have a great skin, how to do X,
Y, and Z. But if you do not have that
self-disipline that you do things when
you know you need to do them, no skin
care routine can fix your skin. No diet
can fix your body or make you slim if
you're not even disciplined enough to
stick to your own word and intuition if
you know you should quit that job
because it's draining you and it's
actually making you sick. No amount of
going to the gym, no amount of healthy
food will fix that. And again, true
confidence grows whenever you do things
that you know you should do. Whenever
you go through a fear, through something
that feels uncomfortable, that's where
your true confidence grows and that's
also where your glow up starts. You
cannot glow up if you do not stick to
your word. Okay? Your money will not
rise if you do not learn to go through
your fears. Guess what? You might stay
in that perceived comfortable situation
your whole life, but you will never
reach to a new level. You will never
reach your fullest potential. And the
pain of staying stuck where you are but
wanting more. The pain of knowing that
you deserve better but not going for it.
That pain is more than going through the
pain of actually facing your fears.
Ultimately, I just want you to know that
you're capable. And whatever your fears
are about, they are not real. Okay? They
are here because of programming, of
wrong self-beliefs that you have
accumulated through growing up, through
society, through advertisements,
through your circumstances.
But most of your fears are not real.
Your confidence, the woman you want to
be so badly in all aspects in your life
are exactly on the other side of that
fear. Now, next time whenever you're
afraid of other people's judgment,
normalize to say no to things without
having an explanation. Sometimes you
simply don't feel like it. And that's
how you can slowly overcome a fear. You
start with very small things and you
keep putting yourself into circumstances
where you would fear other people's
judgment. You would fear failure. And
through that process, you are learning.
You are training that discipline muscle
or confidence muscle that allows you to
go through a fear. Saying no to your
friends when you simply do not want to
come without explaining. At the salon,
when you do not like the nails, you do
not like the hair, say, "I don't like
it." In the restaurant, you don't like
the food, I don't like it. When you want
to have a certain dish without the
potatoes, just pan fried and without
spices, simply say it. Those are small
ways to overcome the fear of judgment.
Or when you're afraid of failure, start
art classes. You will be afraid of
failing at this art. Go to pottery
classes. You will be afraid of not
making it. It's not that easy actually.
Put yourself in situations where you can
fail. Start small and keep training that
muscle and you will start to experience
how good it actually feels to go through
a fear. The reward after is priceless.
And let me tell you one last thing. The
things you are most afraid of are the
things you must go through to become the
woman you want to be. Anyways guys, I
hope this could help. I hope you got
some motivation and do not forget to
check out my ebooks to stop letting your
fears stop you from becoming the woman
you want to be. Thank you so much for
watching. I see you in my next video.
Bye-bye.